Add breaking changes docs for breaking changes caused by v3 to v4 uprade (#26248)
Azure/azure-powershell: documentation/breaking-changes/breaking-changes-in-generated-modules-due-to-codegen-tool-upgrade-from-v3-to-v4.md

# Breaking Changes in Generated Modules Due to AutoRest.PowerShell Upgrade from v3 to v4

We are moving forward with using the new version of the code generation tool, AutoRest.PowerShell v4, to take advantage of the features offered by the latest version. The redesign of the generated code to support new user requirements in this version inevitably introduces some breaking changes.

Below, we list the potential breaking changes from the perspective of users that may occur when upgrading the code generation tool for Azure PowerShell modules.

> **Note: The breaking changes listed below may not apply universally to all generated modules. The occurrence of these breaking changes also depends on the specific configurations used when generating Azure PowerShell modules with AutoRest.PowerShell v4. For detailed information on which breaking changes may occur, please refer to the [breaking change list](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/azure/upcoming-breaking-changes) for the specific module.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: The breaking changes listed below may not apply universally to all generated modules. The occurrence of these breaking changes also depends on the specific configurations used when generating Azure PowerShell modules with AutoRest.PowerShell v4. For detailed information on which breaking changes may occur, please refer to the [breaking change list](https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/azure/upcoming-breaking-changes) for the specific module.**
```

## List Replaces Array in Generated C# Classes

> We use `List` to replace `Array` mainly because `List` is a dynamic array that allows adding new elements using the Add method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We now generate collection-like properties as [`List`](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.collections.generic.list-1) instead of [`Array`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.array) in the models. This is because `List` is dynamic that it allows appending/deleting elements, while `Array` is fixed-size hence difficult to edit.
```

### How to Mitigate the Impact of Breaking Changes

* "Use methods from List to replace methods from Array, for example: use count instead of Length to retrieve the number of elements
* Use the ToArray function if conversion to a fixed-size array is needed

## Use Primitive Types for Enum Instead of Struct

> We used to generate a struct for [enum](Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Databricks.Support.AutomaticClusterUpdateValue) to support tab completer for parameters. This design has been abondoned.

Reviewer: This link does not work?
Needs a little explaination of why it's abandoned.

### How to Mitigate the Impact of Breaking Changes

Generally, this change will not cause a breaking change for users. In modules generated by older versions, users typically use primitive types, and the generated struct includes a converter that transforms these primitive types into the struct. The only requirement for users is to avoid using Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.{module}.Support.* directly.

## Breaking Changes Due to Bug Fixes

### Removal of PassThru for Certain Cmdlets

> In AutoRest.PowerShell v3, `PassThru` parameters were incorrectly generated for some cmdlets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-PassThru` is a switch parameter that we add to cmdlets that don't have outputs to enable the pipline functionality. In AutoRest.PowerShell v3, `-PassThru` was incorrectly added to some cmdlets that do have outputs. This is fixed in v4 and those extra `-PassThru` parameters are removed.
```

#### How to Mitigate the Impact of Breaking Changes

> Discontinue using the `PassThru` parameter for these cmdlets.

Reviewer: Does this make sense?
```suggestion
Discontinue using the `PassThru` parameter for these cmdlets. Be careful that by doing so the output may change.
```

### Removal of Readonly Parameters

> In AutoRest.PowerShell v3, Readonly parameters were incorrectly generated for some cmdlets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a property is marked `readonly` in the OpenAPI spec, it means it should only appear in the output but never as an input parameter. However, in AutoRest.PowerShell v3, readonly parameters were incorrectly generated for some cmdlets.
```

#### How to Mitigate the Impact of Breaking Changes

> Discontinue using these Readonly parameters, as they are ignored by the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's safe to simply remove these Readonly parameters, as they are ignored by the service.
```
